README.md, before:

# NRF ZBoss C++ wrappers

<!-- mtoc-start -->

* [Goal](#goal)
* [Examples](#examples)
  * [How to define a new cluster](#how-to-define-a-new-cluster)
  * [Defining commands](#defining-commands)
    * [Command pools and queues](#command-pools-and-queues)
    * [Receiving commands](#receiving-commands)
  * [Typical signal handling](#typical-signal-handling)
  * [Handling attribute writes](#handling-attribute-writes)
* [Internals](#internals)
* [Known issues with compilers](#known-issues-with-compilers)

<!-- mtoc-end -->

## Goal
Replace a macro madness with a C++ template madness )) (hopefully C++26's static reflection will simplify it though).

## Examples
How to declare a zigbee device with an endpoint and several clusters:
```cpp
#include <nrfzbcpp/zb_main.hpp>
#include <nrfzbcpp/zb_power_config_cluster_desc.hpp>
#include <nrfzbcpp/zb_poll_ctrl_cluster_desc.hpp>
#include <nrfzbcpp/zb_temp_cluster_desc.hpp>//not in a set of standard clusters

/* Manufacturer name (32 bytes). */
#define INIT_BASIC_MANUF_NAME      "CutsomManufaturer"
/* Model number assigned by manufacturer (32-bytes long string). */
#define INIT_BASIC_MODEL_ID        "SomeDeviceModel"

constexpr uint8_t kDEV_EP = 1;
constexpr uint16_t kDEV_ID = 0x1234;

/* Main application customizable context type.
 * Stores all settings and static values.
 */
struct device_ctx_t{
    zb::zb_zcl_basic_names_t basic_attr;
    zb::zb_zcl_power_cfg_battery_info_t battery_attr;
    zb::zb_zcl_poll_ctrl_basic_t poll_ctrl;
    zb::zb_zcl_temp_basic_t temperature;
};
constexpr auto kTemp = &zb::zb_zcl_temp_basic_t::measured_value;//for easier access later

using namespace zb::literals;
/* Zigbee device application context storage. */
//Here lives actual data of the clusters
static constinit device_ctx_t dev_ctx{
    .basic_attr = {
	{
	    .zcl_version = ZB_ZCL_VERSION,
	    .power_source = zb::zb_zcl_basic_min_t::PowerSource::Battery
	},
	/*.manufacturer =*/ INIT_BASIC_MANUF_NAME,
	/*.model =*/ INIT_BASIC_MODEL_ID,
    },
    .poll_ctrl = {
	.check_in_interval = 60_min_to_qs,
	.long_poll_interval = 7_sec_to_qs,
	//.short_poll_interval = 1_sec_to_qs,
    },
    .temperature = {
	.measured_value = 0,
    }
};

//Here we're making the actual Zigbee device with properly initialized structures
//All necessary cluster/attribute information is auto-deduced from the types of cluster member variables of dev_ctx
constinit static auto zb_ctx = zb::make_device(
	zb::make_ep_args<{.ep=kEP, .dev_id=kDEV_ID, .dev_ver=1}>(
	    dev_ctx.basic_attr
	    , dev_ctx.battery_attr
	    , dev_ctx.poll_ctrl
	    , dev_ctx.temperature
	    )
	);

//for convenient access to some typical operations later
constinit static auto &zb_ep = zb_ctx.ep<kEP>();

//some temperature sensor somewhere
static const struct device *const temp_dev = DEVICE_DT_GET(DT_NODELABEL(temp_sensor));

//assuming this is called somewhere in a ZBoss thread
void on_temperature_measured()
{
    sensor_sample_fetch(temp_dev);
    sensor_value t;
    sensor_channel_get(temp_dev, SENSOR_CHAN_AMBIENT_TEMP, &t);
    //that's it, this assignment internally will do zb_zcl_set_attr_val
    //with all proper arguments
    zb_ep.attr<kTemp>() = int16_t(t.val1*100 + t.val2 / 10000.f);
}

void on_zigbee_start()
{
    //...
}

//...
void zboss_signal_handler(zb_bufid_t bufid)
{
    zb_zdo_app_signal_hdr_t *pHdr;
    auto signalId = zb_get_app_signal(bufid, &pHdr);
    zb_ret_t status = zb_buf_get_status(bufid);
	auto ret = zb::tpl_signal_handler<zb::sig_handlers_t{
	    .on_dev_reboot = on_zigbee_start,
	    .on_steering = on_zigbee_start,
	    .on_can_sleep = &zb_sleep_now,
	   }>(bufid);
    const uint32_t LOCAL_ERR_CODE = (uint32_t) (-ret);	
    if (LOCAL_ERR_CODE != RET_OK) {				
	zb_osif_abort();				
    }							
}

int main()
{
    ZB_AF_REGISTER_DEVICE_CTX(zb_ctx);
    zigbee_enable();
    k_sleep(K_FOREVER);
}
```

### How to define a new cluster

```cpp
#include <nrfzbcpp/zb_main.hpp>

namespace zb
{
    static constexpr uint16_t kZB_ZCL_MY_CLUSTER_ID = 0xfc01;
    static constexpr uint16_t kZB_MY_ATTR1_ID = 0x0000;
    static constexpr uint16_t kZB_MY_ATTR2_ID = 0x0001;

    struct zb_zcl_my_cluster_t
    {
	uint8_t attr1;
	float attr2;
    };

    //This is important as it actually makes 'zb_zcl_my_cluster_t' type
    //known to the rest of the system
    template<>
    struct zcl_description_t<zb_zcl_my_cluster_t>{
        static constexpr auto get()
        {
            using T = zb_zcl_my_cluster_t;
            return cluster_struct_desc_t<
                cluster_info_t{.id = kZB_ZCL_MY_CLUSTER_ID/*, .role=Role::Server <- default*/},
                cluster_attributes_desc_t<
                    cluster_mem_desc_t{.m = &T::attr1,.id = kZB_MY_ATTR1_ID, .a=Access::RW/*, .type=Type::U8 <- autodeduced, but can be explicit, see zb::Type in zb_types.hpp*/}
                    ,cluster_mem_desc_t{.m = &T::attr2,.id = kZB_MY_ATTR2_ID, .a=Access::RP}
                >{}
            >{};
        }
    };
}
```
Created in this way cluster may be used then in a straightforward way:
```cpp
struct device_ctx_t{
    zb::zb_zcl_basic_names_t basic_attr;
    zb::zb_zcl_my_cluster_t my_cluster;
};
constexpr auto kA1 = &zb::zb_zcl_my_cluster_t::attr1;
constexpr auto kA2 = &zb::zb_zcl_my_cluster_t::attr2;

/* Zigbee device application context storage. */
//Here lives actual data of the clusters
static constinit device_ctx_t dev_ctx{
    .basic_attr = {
	{
	    .zcl_version = ZB_ZCL_VERSION,
	    .power_source = zb::zb_zcl_basic_min_t::PowerSource::Battery
	},
	/*.manufacturer =*/ "Manufacture",
	/*.model =*/ "ModelID",
    },
    .my_cluster = {
	.attr1 = 2,//some initial value
	.attr2 = 1,//some initial value
    }
};

constinit static auto zb_ctx = zb::make_device(
	zb::make_ep_args<{.ep=1, .dev_id=1234, .dev_ver=1}>(
	    dev_ctx.basic_attr
	    , dev_ctx.my_cluster
	    )
	);

//for convenient access to some typical operations later
constinit static auto &zb_ep = zb_ctx.ep<1>();
//...and usage
zb_ep.attr<kA1>() = 16;
zb_ep.attr<kA2>() = 1024.56f;
```

### Defining commands
In order to define commands that may be sent by a cluster (doesn't matter, server or client),
the following types are to be used:
```cpp
cluster_std_cmd_desc_t<COMMAND_ID,Arguments...> my_command;
```
Example:
```cpp
namespace zb
{
    static constexpr uint16_t kZB_ZCL_MY_CLUSTER_ID = 0xfc01;
    static constexpr uint16_t kZB_MY_ATTR1_ID = 0x0000;
    static constexpr uint16_t kZB_MY_ATTR2_ID = 0x0001;
    static constexpr uint16_t kZB_MY_CMD1 = 0x0001;
    static constexpr uint16_t kZB_MY_CMD2 = 0x0002;

    struct cmd2_args
    {
	int8_t a1;
	float b2;
    }ZB_PACKED_STRUCT;

    struct zb_zcl_my_cluster_t
    {
	uint8_t attr1;
	float attr2;
	[[no_unique_address]]cluster_std_cmd_desc_t<kZB_MY_CMD1,int16_t> my_command1;
	[[no_unique_address]]cluster_std_cmd_desc_t<kZB_MY_CMD2,cmd2_args> my_command2;
    };

    template<>
    struct zcl_description_t<zb_zcl_my_cluster_t>{
        static constexpr auto get()
        {
            using T = zb_zcl_my_cluster_t;
            return cluster_struct_desc_t<
                cluster_info_t{.id = kZB_ZCL_MY_CLUSTER_ID},
                cluster_attributes_desc_t<
                    cluster_mem_desc_t{.m = &T::attr1,.id = kZB_MY_ATTR1_ID, .a=Access::RW}
                    ,cluster_mem_desc_t{.m = &T::attr2,.id = kZB_MY_ATTR2_ID, .a=Access::RP}
                >{}
		//this bit here declares commands as part of the cluster
                ,cluster_commands_desc_t<
                     &T::my_command1
                     ,&T::my_command2
                >{}
            >{};
        }
    };
}
```
Note: `[[no_unique_address]]` will tell the compiler it can optimize a layout as these commands
don't actually carry any data.
Sending such commands can be done by using methods of EP similar to working with attributes: 
```cpp
constexpr auto kCmd1 = &zb::zb_zcl_my_cluster_t::my_command1;
constexpr auto kCmd2 = &zb::zb_zcl_my_cluster_t::my_command2;
//...
zb_ep.send_cmd<kCmd1>(-32768);
zb_ep.send_cmd<kCmd2>(zb::cmd2_args{.a1 = 3, .b2 = 0.5f});
```
These are however shoot-and-forget. 
A callback if needed can be provided (at the moment required to be known at compile time) like this:
```cpp
void on_cmd_sent(zb::cmd_id_t cmd_id, zb_zcl_command_send_status_t *status)
{
    printk("zb: on_cmd_sent id:%d; status: %d\r\n", cmd_id, status->status);
}

auto cmd_id1 = zb_ep.send_cmd<kCmd1, {.cb = on_cmd_sent}>(-32768);
auto cmd_id2 = zb_ep.send_cmd<kCmd2, {.cb = on_cmd_sent}>(zb::cmd2_args{.a1 = 3, .b2 = 0.5f});
```

#### Command pools and queues
Apparently ZBOSS doesn't really like attempts to send several commands for the same cluster (endpoint?) in parallel at the same time (or while
the other one is still being sent). To make sure that doesn't happen, there's a concept of the 'command queue' that exists on the
endpoint level.

The relevant class is `EPDesc<>`, which defines a `kCmdQueueSize` constant. The value for it is either taken from the
`EPBaseInfo::cmd_queue_depth` (available in the 1st template parameter to `EPDesc`) or inferred from all the commands across all the clusters
based on the maximum pool size of those commands.

The amount of each kind of command that the sending process can be initiated for is defined by the size of the pool (see `cluster_cmd_desc_t<...>::g_Pool`). 
The pools size for each command can be configured with `cmd_cfg_t::pool_size` (default 1).
There's also a helping class `cluster_std_cmd_desc_with_pool_size_t` that allows specifying a pool size.
Example:
```cpp
cluster_std_cmd_desc_with_pool_size_t<CMD_ID, 2/*pool size*/> cmd1;
cluster_cmd_desc_t<{.cmd_id=CMD_ID2, .pool_size=2}> cmd2;
```

Each send method (e.g. `send_cmd`, `send_cmd_to`) returns a `std::optional<cmd_id_t>`, where `cmd_id_t` is a a command index generated
by the logic of the `EPDesc<>` or `std::nullopt` optional if the command could not be sent (if either arguments could not be allocated and stored
in command's pool  `cluster_cmd_desc_t<...>::g_Pool` or the command could not be put into a command queue `EPDesc::g_CmdQueue`).

#### Receiving commands
Type to use in a cluster:
```cpp
cluster_in_cmd_desc_t<kID, Args...> cmd_to_receive;
```
TODO: show how to provide a callback to process the incomming command

TODO: describe/explain cluster_custom_handler_t
```cpp
using my_custom_cluster_handler_t = zb::cluster_custom_handler_t<zb_zcl_my_cluster_t, kEP>;
template<> 
struct zb::cluster_custom_handler_t<zb_zcl_my_cluster_t, kEP>: cluster_custom_handler_base_t<my_custom_cluster_handler_t>
{
    //the rest will be done by cluster_custom_handler_base_t
    static auto& get_device() { return zb_ctx; }
};
```
### Typical signal handling
TODO

### Handling attribute writes
TODO

## Internals
TODO

## Known issues with compilers
The code compiles fine with `clang++-19`, `clang++-20` with `-std=c++23` option enabled.
GCC 12.2 (which comes with NCS SDK from Nordic) struggles with some constexpr's, declaring
it impossible to do `constinit` on a `zb_ctx` (the result of the `zb::make_device` call).
Removing `constinit` helps to overcome the compiler issue but I'm not sure if it has
a runtime overhead as a consequence.

Commit message:

added a description for a cluster_custom_handler_t, cluster initialization

README.md, after:

# NRF ZBoss C++ wrappers

<!-- mtoc-start -->

* [Goal](#goal)
* [Examples](#examples)
  * [How to define a new cluster](#how-to-define-a-new-cluster)
  * [Defining commands](#defining-commands)
    * [Command pools and queues](#command-pools-and-queues)
    * [Receiving commands](#receiving-commands)
  * [Typical signal handling](#typical-signal-handling)
  * [Handling attribute writes](#handling-attribute-writes)
* [Internals](#internals)
* [Known issues with compilers](#known-issues-with-compilers)

<!-- mtoc-end -->

## Goal
Replace a macro madness with a C++ template madness )) (hopefully C++26's static reflection will simplify it though).

## Examples
How to declare a zigbee device with an endpoint and several clusters:
```cpp
#include <nrfzbcpp/zb_main.hpp>
#include <nrfzbcpp/zb_power_config_cluster_desc.hpp>
#include <nrfzbcpp/zb_poll_ctrl_cluster_desc.hpp>
#include <nrfzbcpp/zb_temp_cluster_desc.hpp>//not in a set of standard clusters

/* Manufacturer name (32 bytes). */
#define INIT_BASIC_MANUF_NAME      "CutsomManufaturer"
/* Model number assigned by manufacturer (32-bytes long string). */
#define INIT_BASIC_MODEL_ID        "SomeDeviceModel"

constexpr uint8_t kDEV_EP = 1;
constexpr uint16_t kDEV_ID = 0x1234;

/* Main application customizable context type.
 * Stores all settings and static values.
 */
struct device_ctx_t{
    zb::zb_zcl_basic_names_t basic_attr;
    zb::zb_zcl_power_cfg_battery_info_t battery_attr;
    zb::zb_zcl_poll_ctrl_basic_t poll_ctrl;
    zb::zb_zcl_temp_basic_t temperature;
};
constexpr auto kTemp = &zb::zb_zcl_temp_basic_t::measured_value;//for easier access later

using namespace zb::literals;
/* Zigbee device application context storage. */
//Here lives actual data of the clusters
static constinit device_ctx_t dev_ctx{
    .basic_attr = {
	{
	    .zcl_version = ZB_ZCL_VERSION,
	    .power_source = zb::zb_zcl_basic_min_t::PowerSource::Battery
	},
	/*.manufacturer =*/ INIT_BASIC_MANUF_NAME,
	/*.model =*/ INIT_BASIC_MODEL_ID,
    },
    .poll_ctrl = {
	.check_in_interval = 60_min_to_qs,
	.long_poll_interval = 7_sec_to_qs,
	//.short_poll_interval = 1_sec_to_qs,
    },
    .temperature = {
	.measured_value = 0,
    }
};

//Here we're making the actual Zigbee device with properly initialized structures
//All necessary cluster/attribute information is auto-deduced from the types of cluster member variables of dev_ctx
constinit static auto zb_ctx = zb::make_device(
	zb::make_ep_args<{.ep=kEP, .dev_id=kDEV_ID, .dev_ver=1}>(
	    dev_ctx.basic_attr
	    , dev_ctx.battery_attr
	    , dev_ctx.poll_ctrl
	    , dev_ctx.temperature
	    )
	);

//for convenient access to some typical operations later
constinit static auto &zb_ep = zb_ctx.ep<kEP>();

//some temperature sensor somewhere
static const struct device *const temp_dev = DEVICE_DT_GET(DT_NODELABEL(temp_sensor));

//assuming this is called somewhere in a ZBoss thread
void on_temperature_measured()
{
    sensor_sample_fetch(temp_dev);
    sensor_value t;
    sensor_channel_get(temp_dev, SENSOR_CHAN_AMBIENT_TEMP, &t);
    //that's it, this assignment internally will do zb_zcl_set_attr_val
    //with all proper arguments
    zb_ep.attr<kTemp>() = int16_t(t.val1*100 + t.val2 / 10000.f);
}

void on_zigbee_start()
{
    //...
}

//...
void zboss_signal_handler(zb_bufid_t bufid)
{
    zb_zdo_app_signal_hdr_t *pHdr;
    auto signalId = zb_get_app_signal(bufid, &pHdr);
    zb_ret_t status = zb_buf_get_status(bufid);
	auto ret = zb::tpl_signal_handler<zb::sig_handlers_t{
	    .on_dev_reboot = on_zigbee_start,
	    .on_steering = on_zigbee_start,
	    .on_can_sleep = &zb_sleep_now,
	   }>(bufid);
    const uint32_t LOCAL_ERR_CODE = (uint32_t) (-ret);	
    if (LOCAL_ERR_CODE != RET_OK) {				
	zb_osif_abort();				
    }							
}

int main()
{
    ZB_AF_REGISTER_DEVICE_CTX(zb_ctx);
    zigbee_enable();
    k_sleep(K_FOREVER);
}
```

### How to define a new cluster

```cpp
#include <nrfzbcpp/zb_main.hpp>

namespace zb
{
    static constexpr uint16_t kZB_ZCL_MY_CLUSTER_ID = 0xfc01;
    static constexpr uint16_t kZB_MY_ATTR1_ID = 0x0000;
    static constexpr uint16_t kZB_MY_ATTR2_ID = 0x0001;

    struct zb_zcl_my_cluster_t
    {
	uint8_t attr1;
	float attr2;
    };

    //This is important as it actually makes 'zb_zcl_my_cluster_t' type
    //known to the rest of the system
    template<>
    struct zcl_description_t<zb_zcl_my_cluster_t>{
        static constexpr auto get()
        {
            using T = zb_zcl_my_cluster_t;
            return cluster_struct_desc_t<
                cluster_info_t{.id = kZB_ZCL_MY_CLUSTER_ID/*, .role=Role::Server <- default*/},
                cluster_attributes_desc_t<
                    cluster_mem_desc_t{.m = &T::attr1,.id = kZB_MY_ATTR1_ID, .a=Access::RW/*, .type=Type::U8 <- autodeduced, but can be explicit, see zb::Type in zb_types.hpp*/}
                    ,cluster_mem_desc_t{.m = &T::attr2,.id = kZB_MY_ATTR2_ID, .a=Access::RP}
                >{}
            >{};
        }
    };
}
```
Created in this way cluster may be used then in a straightforward way:
```cpp
struct device_ctx_t{
    zb::zb_zcl_basic_names_t basic_attr;
    zb::zb_zcl_my_cluster_t my_cluster;
};
constexpr auto kA1 = &zb::zb_zcl_my_cluster_t::attr1;
constexpr auto kA2 = &zb::zb_zcl_my_cluster_t::attr2;

/* Zigbee device application context storage. */
//Here lives actual data of the clusters
static constinit device_ctx_t dev_ctx{
    .basic_attr = {
	{
	    .zcl_version = ZB_ZCL_VERSION,
	    .power_source = zb::zb_zcl_basic_min_t::PowerSource::Battery
	},
	/*.manufacturer =*/ "Manufacture",
	/*.model =*/ "ModelID",
    },
    .my_cluster = {
	.attr1 = 2,//some initial value
	.attr2 = 1,//some initial value
    }
};

constinit static auto zb_ctx = zb::make_device(
	zb::make_ep_args<{.ep=1, .dev_id=1234, .dev_ver=1}>(
	    dev_ctx.basic_attr
	    , dev_ctx.my_cluster
	    )
	);

//for convenient access to some typical operations later
constinit static auto &zb_ep = zb_ctx.ep<1>();
//...and usage
zb_ep.attr<kA1>() = 16;
zb_ep.attr<kA2>() = 1024.56f;
```

### Defining commands
In order to define commands that may be sent by a cluster (doesn't matter, server or client),
the following types are to be used:
```cpp
cluster_std_cmd_desc_t<COMMAND_ID,Arguments...> my_command;
```
Example:
```cpp
namespace zb
{
    static constexpr uint16_t kZB_ZCL_MY_CLUSTER_ID = 0xfc01;
    static constexpr uint16_t kZB_MY_ATTR1_ID = 0x0000;
    static constexpr uint16_t kZB_MY_ATTR2_ID = 0x0001;
    static constexpr uint16_t kZB_MY_CMD1 = 0x0001;
    static constexpr uint16_t kZB_MY_CMD2 = 0x0002;

    struct cmd2_args
    {
	int8_t a1;
	float b2;
    }ZB_PACKED_STRUCT;

    struct zb_zcl_my_cluster_t
    {
	uint8_t attr1;
	float attr2;
	[[no_unique_address]]cluster_std_cmd_desc_t<kZB_MY_CMD1,int16_t> my_command1;
	[[no_unique_address]]cluster_std_cmd_desc_t<kZB_MY_CMD2,cmd2_args> my_command2;
    };

    template<>
    struct zcl_description_t<zb_zcl_my_cluster_t>{
        static constexpr auto get()
        {
            using T = zb_zcl_my_cluster_t;
            return cluster_struct_desc_t<
                cluster_info_t{.id = kZB_ZCL_MY_CLUSTER_ID},
                cluster_attributes_desc_t<
                    cluster_mem_desc_t{.m = &T::attr1,.id = kZB_MY_ATTR1_ID, .a=Access::RW}
                    ,cluster_mem_desc_t{.m = &T::attr2,.id = kZB_MY_ATTR2_ID, .a=Access::RP}
                >{}
		//this bit here declares commands as part of the cluster
                ,cluster_commands_desc_t<
                     &T::my_command1
                     ,&T::my_command2
                >{}
            >{};
        }
    };
}
```
Note: `[[no_unique_address]]` will tell the compiler it can optimize a layout as these commands
don't actually carry any data.
Sending such commands can be done by using methods of EP similar to working with attributes: 
```cpp
constexpr auto kCmd1 = &zb::zb_zcl_my_cluster_t::my_command1;
constexpr auto kCmd2 = &zb::zb_zcl_my_cluster_t::my_command2;
//...
zb_ep.send_cmd<kCmd1>(-32768);
zb_ep.send_cmd<kCmd2>(zb::cmd2_args{.a1 = 3, .b2 = 0.5f});
```
These are however shoot-and-forget. 
A callback if needed can be provided (at the moment required to be known at compile time) like this:
```cpp
void on_cmd_sent(zb::cmd_id_t cmd_id, zb_zcl_command_send_status_t *status)
{
    printk("zb: on_cmd_sent id:%d; status: %d\r\n", cmd_id, status->status);
}

auto cmd_id1 = zb_ep.send_cmd<kCmd1, {.cb = on_cmd_sent}>(-32768);
auto cmd_id2 = zb_ep.send_cmd<kCmd2, {.cb = on_cmd_sent}>(zb::cmd2_args{.a1 = 3, .b2 = 0.5f});
```

#### Command pools and queues
Apparently ZBOSS doesn't really like attempts to send several commands for the same cluster (endpoint?) in parallel at the same time (or while
the other one is still being sent). To make sure that doesn't happen, there's a concept of the 'command queue' that exists on the
endpoint level.

The relevant class is `EPDesc<>`, which defines a `kCmdQueueSize` constant. The value for it is either taken from the
`EPBaseInfo::cmd_queue_depth` (available in the 1st template parameter to `EPDesc`) or inferred from all the commands across all the clusters
based on the maximum pool size of those commands.

The amount of each kind of command that the sending process can be initiated for is defined by the size of the pool (see `cluster_cmd_desc_t<...>::g_Pool`). 
The pools size for each command can be configured with `cmd_cfg_t::pool_size` (default 1).
There's also a helping class `cluster_std_cmd_desc_with_pool_size_t` that allows specifying a pool size.
Example:
```cpp
cluster_std_cmd_desc_with_pool_size_t<CMD_ID, 2/*pool size*/> cmd1;
cluster_cmd_desc_t<{.cmd_id=CMD_ID2, .pool_size=2}> cmd2;
```

Each send method (e.g. `send_cmd`, `send_cmd_to`) returns a `std::optional<cmd_id_t>`, where `cmd_id_t` is a a command index generated
by the logic of the `EPDesc<>` or `std::nullopt` optional if the command could not be sent (if either arguments could not be allocated and stored
in command's pool  `cluster_cmd_desc_t<...>::g_Pool` or the command could not be put into a command queue `EPDesc::g_CmdQueue`).

#### Receiving commands
Type to use in a cluster:
```cpp
cluster_in_cmd_desc_t<kID, Args...> cmd_to_receive;
```
TODO: show how to provide a callback to process the incomming command

ZBOSS provides a way initialize a custom cluster or additionaly customize a behavior of the standard one.
The field in question is `zb_zcl_cluster_desc_t::cluster_init`.
During that init phase its typical to add some custom handlers on such events as:
 * checking validity of the value before it's written into an attribute
 * writing an attribute hook
 * handler for an incoming command
The way to set those is `zb_zcl_add_cluster_handlers`.
The library does assigns/generate a default initializer `generic_cluster_init` to the cluster (defined in `nrfzbcpp/zb_desc_helper_types_cluster.hpp`).
It also calls the original zboss's init function if it' available in `zcl_description_t` as a static `zboss_init_func` function.
If a cluster description obtained via `zcl_description_t<>::get` reports some amount of commands that may be received, `zb_zcl_add_cluster_handlers`
is invoked with a `on_cluster_cmd_handling` as a default handler. It takes care of a certain boilerplate logic (like reacting to `ZB_ZCL_GENERAL_GET_CMD_LISTS_PARAM`
and returning an array of existing commands) but the actual command handling is forwarded to a specialization of a `zb::cluster_custom_handler_t<...>` class.
Static function `on_cmd` is invoked. All of that logic although can be implemented manually, is already implemented by a `zb::cluster_custom_handler_base_t`
which one can derive from in CRTP manner (providing its own class as a template argument).
The only requirement that is left in this case is to provide a `get_device()` static function that returns a reference to a zigbee device object 
(result of the `zb::make_device` call). `cluster_custom_handler_base_t` requires it search in a correct end point for a correct cluster when performing 
`get_cmd_list` or `on_cmd`.

This is typically the only thing needed to be implemented on user's side to be able to handle incomming commands (aside from the actual command handling
callback of course):
```cpp
using my_custom_cluster_handler_t = zb::cluster_custom_handler_t<zb_zcl_my_cluster_t, kEP>;
template<> 
struct zb::cluster_custom_handler_t<zb_zcl_my_cluster_t, kEP>: cluster_custom_handler_base_t<my_custom_cluster_handler_t>
{
    //the rest will be done by cluster_custom_handler_base_t
    static auto& get_device() { return zb_ctx; }
};
```
### Typical signal handling
TODO

### Handling attribute writes
TODO

## Internals
TODO

## Known issues with compilers
The code compiles fine with `clang++-19`, `clang++-20` with `-std=c++23` option enabled.
GCC 12.2 (which comes with NCS SDK from Nordic) struggles with some constexpr's, declaring
it impossible to do `constinit` on a `zb_ctx` (the result of the `zb::make_device` call).
Removing `constinit` helps to overcome the compiler issue but I'm not sure if it has
a runtime overhead as a consequence.
